Discovery Special
Sky among Bari
My folks said Good-bye!
A verse they recited
Again and again the water-sea is zou Tsuhime.
In qu Как does the human heart quiver,
even I can masquerade over the different emotions.
Anyone in this world who prefersither pillage,
or ECI aka buchanza-reshmediate
Black bl investigating the Northern Realm
Blacknose soldiers fighting for his throne
No aluminium is poor
Other Ground Cold Roots
For the sake of our damage flag,
Raise your hand and pray for us!
시간をかけて
Hot water
I want to hell
Fresh became rolls
You're so cute.
I'll be back in a moment.
That's the way to fight.
What's that?
Resting at nine, resting by the house, excitingly resting.
I take out a prime alchemy as five people.
We're singing on stage.
I'll tell you all which song I'm singing in President 자꾸림's voice.
That's how to play Amazon perilous.
Thank you for watching!